Prompt Caching support for OpenAI (#432)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-10.mdx

---
title: Changelog | October, 2024
---

## Prompt Caching Support for OpenAI

> OpenAI recently released some new support for [Prompt Caching](https://openai.com/index/api-prompt-caching/) with certain models.
> With this update, you'll now see the number of Prompt Cache Tokens used by a Prompt Deployment's executions if it's backed by an OpenAI model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today OpenAI introduced [Prompt Caching](https://openai.com/index/api-prompt-caching/) for GPT-4o and o1 models. Subsequent invocations of the same prompt will produce outputs with lower latency and up to 50% reduced costs.

To follow this, we've begun capturing cache tokens in Vellum's monitoring layer. With this update, you'll now see the number of Prompt Cache Tokens used by a Prompt Deployment's executions if it's backed by an OpenAI model.
```
